one is the relationship with the state
one is the relationship with the broad
world of Social
Services right that in fact is now
predisposed you know to to the question
of care two is the relationship to the
women mostly coming from the colonial
World etc etc who are now in fact doing
a good part of this work in many many
middle class hous work household and
third is the issue of the work that
needs to be done on a day-to-day basis
in the community these three uh terrains
of struggle terrain of construction and
struggle are not separated this street
Terin and in fact part of the work that
I've done over the year on the issue of
care work has been a trying to think of
them together